[Music]  i'm wayne maryam today i'm cooking a  taste of ethiopia  [Music]  today i'm cooking a cut for it's a raw  meat you can cook it rare or a little  bit medium rare but the pitfall is my  favorite dish by far the easiest to make  and the tastiest and a little bit spicy  too  i'm from addis ababa but my parents are  originally from the countryside they are  groggy side so that's in the groggy side  that's what we eat the kid for  the first tip is we're going to cut the  meat top round or bottom round the red  one or the nickel part we use very lean  red meat also  you can chop it like this  [Music]  first once i slice it like this all i do  is i'll pick one and if you see  like this one like a little bit of fat  you just take it out and put it to the  side don't use that make sure you use a  lean beef  all i do is like this  i'll show you how easy it is as you go  you just turn it around like that to  make it like you're grinding it  you can use the food processor if you  want to but i like to use my hand  because when you use a food processor it  mashes the meat and it takes more butter  and it tastes a little bit fally  in ethiopia we fast a lot for christmas  we fast like two months almost and also  for easter we fast there you don't eat  anything that has to do with animal  product or blood  so you eat only vegan dishes like  lentils um the cabbage the cola grain  all that colorful dishes but when  there's no fasting my mom always have a  fresh meat so that's easier for her to  make and everybody can eat this because  there's 10 of us in the family 10 kids  in the house so we all share it in the  same plate there's no such thing that  you want to eat by yourself or anything  like that  i was almost 16 when i came to us  so i was very young i had an older  sister who's really she took care of me  i come back from school i was bored and  i see her working very hard to take care  of me and to help me out and she was  sending money back home to help my  parents  so i was looking at her i said okay i  need to get a job and she keep on saying  no you stay in school i don't want to  hear about  about working so i found a restaurant  to  to be a hostess so when i was getting  trained i said  one day when i graduate college and  everything i'm gonna own a restaurant  like this what do you know you know  a dream come true in america my dream  came true so that's how i become to have  a restaurant  [Music]  i'm going to turn on the stove  very low  i'm going to put the butter  this is your clarified butter which is  kebe  you can buy it from the store if you  like to but you can also make it at home  it's a very simple process and i will  add my meat method the spice meet me  it's like a chili pepper spice but it  has a lot of different kind of spices in  it like the the one we use the kororima  which is cardamom then i'll add my salt  and corsa it very little  okay see the butter how clear it is how  beautiful it is i think it's ready now  i'm gonna turn it off because i can't  see the bubble a little bit of bubblish  on the on the butter that tells you that  the pot is a little bit too hot make  sure it's the right temperature  you want the meat to be just the way it  is  we're gonna put it here and mix it real  quick mash it like that together so the  flavor goes into everything see how red  and beautiful it is there's no fat in  here except of course the butter i'm  sorry  this is how it should look  you don't want to overcook it when it  gets a little bit darker  ethiopians don't like it because they  like it to eat it rare or medium rare  i have this black clay which is called  ava that's where we're going to transfer  the kit for  is to always stay with my mom and when  she goes to the kitchen i go to the  kitchen you know our kitchen was not  inside so it's in the back  of the house and it's wooden fire or  charcoal  i learned from up  okay the next thing we're going to do is  we're going to make some sides that goes  with this goldman is a colored green so  what we do is we just choose the leaf  part of the collard green chop it up and  you cook it and you chop it up again you  chop it up until it's diced and mice  like this so this always serve with a  cut for i'm gonna use half of it just  the way it is and then i'm gonna use  half of it i'll mix it up with cheese  and we call it mamojat i'll add a little  bit of more butter  [Music]  this itself we call it gum and cut foam  because it's just like a cut for in a  holiday time we always have to have  especially for muscle we always have to  have  goldman kit for  [Music]  see how beautiful this is  the next step the third space will be  you put the cheese in here ethiopia have  so much beautiful food beautiful culture  and of course beautiful people  this is how you're going to eat it check  it for i can't wait to test it  [Music]  i'm going to take one piece of injera so  you're going to unroll it just here a  piece this by the way this is a hundred  percent effinger so which is gluten free  and for those of you who it's gluten  free  [Music]  amazing  i don't want the meat to be overwhelmed  by the spice the salt the meat the  korean everything is just perfect it's  heaven i'm telling you you're gonna  enjoy it tastes like home my brothers my  sisters this is what we used to share  and i hope you all enjoy this